the Boston Celtics got their third
straight win with a 98 93 victory over
the Utah Jazz despite the fact that
rajon rondo left halfway through the
third period with a right ankle injury
Leandro Barbosa filled in ferrando and
scored 16 points in less than 23 minutes
of play and proved that the team can
depend on him in that backup point guard
position you know how I think guys the
next guy just somebody has to step up we
have to figure it out and tonight was a
great example that we did that you know
we had other options you could put
jattan at the point so I mean it was
just one of those games he's earned it
you know I tell everybody listen we sign
you and you come and there's no
guarantees that you're going to play but
if you earned it you get to play and
he's earned it he deserves to play well
you know that's what we brought him in
here for you know to give us that extra
firepower off the bench you know he's
showing what he's capable of when he's
playing extended minutes you know it's
just fun to watch when a guy can just
really take a lot of pressure off you
especially with a Rondo going down there
in the fourth quarter he gave us a big
lift or not our whole venture gave us a
big lift tonight this is a big win and
they they really helped carry us
throughout this game I mean son someday
some games I won't have a lot of minutes
you know and i know that when they call
me i knew that too but just to being
here and try to help it don't matter why
I in the coral outside the core is what
matters for me Boston's bench was
extremely effective outscoring Utah's
second unit 47 225 and Paul Pierce
talked afterwards about how much this
helped the team well they take pressure
off of us because they play extended
minutes when they're playing well you
know you look up i played it under 30
minutes you know i can't remember the
last time that's happened kevin is under
30 minutes so you know when they're
playing well it really takes a lot of
pressure off that off of us knowing that
we don't have to play heavy minutes in
really you know be tired really late
stages of the game the Boston Celtics
will head to Brooklyn tonight and we'll
look for their fourth straight win when
they take on the Nets tomorrow at 8pm
I'm Molly McGrath for celtics calm